# Smart Restaurant

### Customer side
---

* Touch screen device describing a beautiful *food menu* on the table.

* Online Payment or In place payment options

* Optional feedback form. 

### Hotel staff side
---

General purpose desktop showing request by the customer.

The requests by the customers are visible along with table number.

The Hotel Manager can also view the successful payments paid by the customers.

This will help to deliver the right stuff to right table.

Order card will have color determined based on factors like Veg/Non-Veg, VIP customer, customer preferences/allergies, takeaway/in-restaurant etc.

A waiter shall be able to authorize a table using assigned username and password and setting the table where it will be used. This cannot be changed by customer because of lack of requisite authorization.


### Chef side
---

Timer on order placed is shown to the chef with alert on orders tending to be late.

### Manager side
---

Manager/Chef can change availability of dishes. Dynamic menu hiding dishes on customer side.

Manager able to offer spontaneous discount to table for mishap in service.

Manager able to add complimentary food.

Real time Reports on
- sales, total revenue generated by day, week, month and custom timeframe.
- best dishes by day, week, month and custom timeframe.
- employee of the month based on variety of factors: weighted average of manager feedback, peer feedback, customer feedback.
- chef of the month based on least time taken to fulfil order.



### Non functional requirements
---

impressive images.

Fonts that go well with restaurant theme.

generally like to stick to a base of 3 or 4 colours at most.

Stick to a design language(i.e., material design, ant design, fluid design etc.) that complements.

The manager may be viewed as a direct functional beneficiary – who relies on staff to operate the restaurant. Finally, the customer who is paying  for  services  provided  by  restaurant  is  the  another  functional  beneficiary  of  the system.

The UI must adopt a fluent grid concept to layout contents on different screen resolutions. In fact, this project favours this approach because it requires smaller overheads to maintain separate sites and possible to achieve maximum reusability.
It  scales  down  or  hides  certain  UI  contents  to improve  presentation  on mobile browsers.

Business  process  may  not  too  be  the  focus  of  this  report,  but  possible improvement and automation should be considered as system requirements.

In current formal dining environments, some form of physical static menu is utilised to convey the available food and beverage choices to customers. Said menus are generally paper based and hence impose restrictions on the textual real estate available and the ability a restaurateur has to update them. This document specifies the requirements for a restaurant paper menu and ordering replacement strategy to alleviate the problems associated with the current archaic method. Three related concepts are encompassed by the general scope of the Smart Restaurant. The first pertains to the replacement of paper-based menus using an electronic format, the second relates to a complementary electronic strategy for the front of house handling of a customer’s order and the third surrounds the process of transferring said electronic orders to the kitchen for preparation. It should be noted that the suggested strategy incorporates the use of various hardware components.


### Benefits
---

Greater flexibility in menus, an increase in restaurant productivity and capacity for extensive business auditing are the primary benefits associated with the Smart Restaurant. Menu updates can be rolled out at any time with no extra labour from printing and distributing new menus, allowing for more dynamic pricing and content changes. With the underlying software system taking responsibility for
a customer’s order throughout its lifecycle, not only is accuracy ensured, but all actions are logged in a database for analysis and accountability of staff. This allows the company to audit and account staff, materials and restaurant efficiency, as well as to review exceptional circumstances for future handling.


## Future Scope:

1. Payment page coupon code

2. Specific combinations will trigger offer popup.

3. Combo meals

> 1, 2 and 3 require rule engine to check (this is the more flexible approach)

4. Inventory of grocery by chef. Extends recepie and availability of grocery affects availability of dishes that depend on it.
